Own Welcome back to the course and blockade today we're going to have a case study.
And I see also read talked about what an issue is and how it works and how it is different to an IPO.
And now we're going to look into a specific example and a hypothetical example that will help us understand
a bit better how exactly.
I see those take place.
So as I started to say we've got Mary here.
Oh by the way this example I took from an blog post on medium.
I linked to it at the end of this tutorial if you'd like to read it there in more detail.
So let's say we've got Mary fear who decides to come up with a part of to create a theme park.
And it's a really innovative theme partially or Basically she sees some demands in the market.
She knows that she can do things a bit differently and making valuable to the community.
And then once she's bought the lines and everything she will invite businesses to create their own rides
there and you know to crew to help her with this theme park.
Right.
So she's got her whole case study about this and she's written a white paper and we took all our white
papers in a separate tutorial and basically she is ready to get things going.
And but she needs funds.
She needs to raise some capital in order to buy the land in order to organize everything get all the
permits licenses and get things underway.
So what she decides to do is to do and.
And how is she going to do.
Well she's going to put this whole idea into a box encapsulates this idea and say that inside this theme
park we're going to use National tokens.
Let's call them as tokens and these as tokens are going to be what people are going to pay for for the
rides.
And that's what these businesses are going to receive in payments.
And so Mary decides to issue 1 million as tokens and they will never ever be more than that because
there's always going to be just one million tokens and she decides to issue them.
She splits them in half.
So 500000 as tokens and 500000 as tokens and one of those badges will be used for an ICU.
So in the ICAO she'll actually offer to the public only 500000 as tokens and other 500000 she'll keep
for herself which.
So that money later on will be used for you know upgrades the business floor to fund more projects within
that business or she'll just keep it as the as the father as you know like she sometimes foreigners
keep those coins those tokens as though there's an ICAO announcement and some people are interested
in this.
So it might be because they're interested in the project and want to contribute and get some tokens
in exchange.
What they'll do with those tokens.
We'll find out in a second.
So but basically the the way it goes is they pay cash for the tokens and they receive the token in the
case.
So basically here they get some tokens and they pay for instance the price is determined.
Mary sets the price at $2 per token the initial court offering is at 2.0 and you can buy one token one
as token for $2.
So that allows Mary to raise if she sells all $500000 marriage raise one million dollars which she will
then use those dollars to buy the land to start setting up the Empire.
And so what will these people do of these tokens.
Well there's two things and they can't wait until the theme park is live and then they can spend their
tokens in the theme park on the rides later on so they kind of like pre purchasing tokens.
It is.
And I see it as a way of crowdfunding a project so instead of waiting until the theme park is built
and then buy and tokens because they believe in it so much they're buying the tokens now to later spend
enough to help Mary get started.
And then they will spend the tokens.
There are also these just for them it's just a timing difference or some of these people are buying
the tokens not to spend the theme park.
This is what we're seeing quite a lot these days in the world of initial court offerings in the world
of currencies.
People don't actually buy the tokens to spend them later on within the enclosed economy.
And like we can see here in the box this is this is what is created like an encapsulated economy.
Instead of spending instead of buying the tokens to spend them later and that's incarcerated and people
often buy these tokens tokens.
Or in speculative in a speculative manner.
So they expect them to appreciate and price and to sell them off later on for a higher price.
And so if they do a successful later on what will happen is more people will need tokens more you will
want to go to the theme park or invest in these tokens and so they will need to buy them off the people
that have already bought them.
And again they will get tokens but in exchange you will have to pay cash and because there's more people
interested in togas and there's never ever going to be more than one million as tokens ever.
The supply is limited but the demand is growing.
And so when that happens the price increases.
And so because the prices increase now these people are going to have to pay for example $6 per token
and they're going to buy them off these first people that initially got into the market.
And what are they going to do with them.
Well they're going to also either keep them for investment purposes for speculative reasons and later
on sell them off one day or they're actually interested in the theme park and they're going to go and
spend those tokens at the park and purchase rides and you know maybe products that they're selling at
the theme park are more surprising.
Just jump on the horizon pay for the ride tokens.
And so that's that's how this whole system works.
The question only the.
We still have left is what do these businesses do with those tokens.
So they've gotten all these tokens.
Now what can they do with them because they might need to pay their employees they might want to pay
some profits out they might want to just operate in tokens and want to be worth about $2.
So a way to convert them back to dollars would be for example to sell them back to the public.
So the public doesn't only have to buy the tokens from the people they're initially invested into the
ICAO they can also buy them from the business.
And again here they get tokens in exchange they pay cash at the current market price which might be
$6 per token.
And so if they want to either invest into tokens or use them actually in the parks.
The idea is that tokens are actually designed to be used.
And so if they want to use them in a tub in the park they need to go and buy them either buy them or
these people or from the businesses in my view like that will exchange up Mary might set up here somewhere.
And so they take it away you know takes the helps the businesses spread out these tokens are across
people who are interested in it.
And again they go in and go back into the park and spend them.
And so that's how this whole thing works.
An important thing to note here is as you can see there is no mining involved there's no mining of tokens.
Like when we hear the word mining that is associated with coins that are in the second layer because
they're used as a reward for miners.
There will still be mining to support the block change to support the theory of blockade and to keep
the thing growing.
But that's kind of managed separately it's not related to the ICAO.
So when you hear somebody talking about an ICAO and then you hear them talking about mining or those
tokens.
If it's an ICU on the third layer and over charge and then they're talking about mining those tokens
they probably don't know what they're talking about.
So you've got to be careful around those situations and.
Yeah.
And like so I've seen one of those in the media.
It was it was very interesting.
But just be careful.
There's no mining involved it's just a way to raise capital for a project to crowdfund a project.
And the key takeaway here here first of all it's no mining involved it's a way to raise crowdfund the
project to raise Cappo for projects.
The design the idea behind tokens is actually that they're used for something inside the economy here.
And finally at the moment a lot of people actually buy tokens for speculative reasons.
They're not even intending on using them inside that economy.
They're trading on selling them off later on.
So that's dangerous that's how bubbles are created.
That's how you know and I see all crypto bubble can be created and that's that's generally something
to be aware of.
So an important point is to always understand what is the underlying purpose of these tokens and we'll
talk about that in the next tutorial a bit more detail.
But for now this is how tokens works I suppose work if you'd like to read this example.
In this original version you can find that here what the heck is an ICAO by probating Krishnan on Hackleman
or a medium.
And so is quite a good article highly recommended.
And if you want a more in-depth fine example of an ICAO that is or has been is more involved and has
more moving parts and like concepts to grasp.
Another example I highly recommend is called How crypto tokens will enable the disruption of businesses
like Uber and Urbi by Andrew Finn and Andrew field.
By the way is one of the co-creators of the blog called Wait but why.
Which is run by Tim Orban.
So here and so Andrew Finn has his own little a website where you can find some articles as cold Fin's
cave dot com and this is quite a recent article where he analyzes like in detail a very involved case
study of how a company like an ride sharing company could use block chain to completely disrupt Uber
and Lyft through using Bosch and so very very interesting read.
Quite a long article but well worth it so if you want to like enhance your disruptive thinking in the
spatial block I'd definitely highly recommend checking this one out.
Once again all of these links will be in the course notes and signs on that note thank you so much for
being here and I look forward to see you next time.
Until then enjoy blushes.